What? You're a security guard?
Uh, yeah.
That's just right.
Are you with Cher just enough to protect her?
But nothing.
But this is the promise I made with your dad back then
If you go back on it
As if I hadn't saved you
Okay, then listen to Uncle Shen's arrangement
There you go.
I will arrange for you to meet Xuerou immediately.
What? You asked me to marry him?
Yeah, this is my love letter to you back then
It was arranged for marriage
No, I am the richest daughter of the Dragon Kingdom
President of Longshan Group
The first beautiful woman in Haicheng
I married a security guard
What face will I use to meet people in the future?
Shut up, who made you hate so much?
What happened to the security guard?
Security can protect your life, can't you?
Do I need his protection?
You're sacrificing me, not protecting me
outrageous
Do you still have my father in your eyes?
Forget it, God said don't be angry.
Since he doesn't want to
I can voluntarily give up this engagement
No, this is the promise my dad and I made back then
It's more about my relationship with your father.
If this doesn't happen
Will be the regret of my life
Then you can marry him yourself.
Don't count on me.
Hey
His mother left early
I've spoiled him since I was a kid
Uncle Shen
In fact, I'm fine, and I don't really want to talk about love
Since he doesn't want to, don't force him.
Hey, can't you?
If I can't achieve this
I can't explain it to your dad
Why don't you feel wronged first?
Uncle Shen, what do you want me to do?
You, go be Xuerou's bodyguard first
How about developing a relationship slowly?